Here are the answers:
Q1. Yes, the optical constructor must move to the proper place. Test windows stay whey they are. Let’s make a main test window 
launcher where all test windows will be wired and the main launcher moved into its proper place (outside of test project(s)).
Q2. Agree on b.
Q3. Let’s activate on reopen. But edit windows must be allowed to have multiple windows unless the user opens the same material / sample 
that is already opened, in which case we need to reactivate.
Q4. Materials and Library are two different things. Library was only for samples, and we now unified samples with LP , CP, etc.. – it 
is the library of optical elements. Materials are infinite homogeneous thing that describe the optical properties.
Q5. Let’s make modal s switch (in appsettings, currently default it to false == non-modal). I will play around with that and advise.
Q6. Good question. Let’s keep the select button always available (the user can always take this path). The reduced strip should only appear 
if the number of the element kind is less that some value (stored in appsettings, default 5 if missing).
Q7. Ideal elements should become the part of the library / seeding with an explicit flag so that they could not be marked as inactive. 
Then the whole notion of ideal elements disappears, and we just have the elements. And let’s prebind LP / CP – everything except a sample 
to ideal values.
Q8. Yes, store as ordered components (as recommended).
Q9. Yes transparent / absorbing is for constant materials only.
Q10. Only thick plate and wedge have substrate material. And practically a thin film only sample likely cannot be easily created.
Q11. Yes, derive from films.Count | Length > 0
Q12. We are talking only about per film thickness. Basically, we take all thicknesses available in the library and then bucket them. I am not 
sure how. So propose. And, no matter what we come up with, there will be cases where that will be inconvenient. That’s why we let the user 
specify the bracket by hand if needed. I agree with the proposed log scale, and then let’s see how it works out.
Q13. “Same as for material” here means that the Library should have the same attributes as the Materials have AND some extra. We take all 
the materials that make the sample (substrate and possible layers) and make a distinct union of all the material attributes so that any of 
the materials in the sample will match the selector. So, yes, that’s “any” in your description.
Q14. Yeah, tough question. Let’s separate the search order from the representation order so that the tree does not reshuffle. If the user 
wants to reshuffle, then they must explicitly say so.
Q15. I keep saying that we should put things into appsettings. So if we don’t introduce it now, then we will keep hardcoding stuff and that 
will be time consuming to unentangle later. Note that Softellect.Sys has extensive F# library to deal with the appsettings. You must use 
that instead of reading / writing it directly. STL repo has extensive examples of the usage.
Q16. Agree on the vertical split. And agree with multiple tabs.
Q17. Let’s start with requery on return. It is simple and is already covered by proxies. 
Q18. Yes, agree on B and export uses A as you proposed.
Q19. Nothing is persisted yet but we do must make a decision to be consistent. Agree on recommendation.
Q20. Definitely NOT an every save. Say we are on v1 and v1 was used on some experiment. Then the user opened and element and edited by 
changing something. It automatically becomes v2 because it is different from v1. Until this v2 is used anywhere it must stay v2 no matter 
how many times the user decides to edit it.
Q21. Yes, ordered element-descriptor list, given B on Q18.
Q22. Let’s make the “set” have two meanings: the first one is that the element was actually assigned an id from the library. The second 
one (and we need some separate visual with a hover over tool-tip) and that is what if a dispersive element was chosen but the wavelength 
is out of defined bands.
Q23. No, any normalization is up to the inverse problem solver. Our task is to just gather the data. If any data is missing, then the solver 
WILL tell us (but not now).

`11. Inverse problem`
Intensity CSV – I agree on the strict schema to start from AND you can test against proxy (no IO) and against in memory stream for CSV 
parsing (again no IO is needed).
Ellipsometric data – let’s start with wavelength, psi, delta representation for now.
The actual inverse problem is very complicated as it requires combination of sample / no sample / dark line, etc. So, let’s keep the actual 
inverse problem solver out of this spec. Our current ask is to ensure that everything is wired on the UI and that we have a button to launch 
an Inverse Problem Solver. For the purpose of this spec the inverse problem solver should be just a very simple screen stating some general 
information about the experiments and a message that it will be done separately. So, full implementation of inverse problem solver is 
explicitly out of scope, but wiring is NOT and it must be done now. Wiring must confirm that inverse problem solver gets and validates all 
the data (more detailed validation will be added later when we work on the actual solver).

Q24. We don’t do any real database yet. Rather we just create a nearly empty C# EFC project, say create a “test” table just to ensure that 
EFC is correctly wired and can create it and that’ll. It make no sense to wire up the DB until all the structures are stable and they are 
NOT. That’s why we stick with the native in-memory structures. So, no split, no real database in the current version. Also explain to me 
what are these .ocproj files?

`14. Smaller observations picked up along the way`
Recent-files and UiIds definitely must be consolidated into their respective single places and I think that window policy is addressed above.

Address the next round of questions / comments into the next NNN and if there are none, then write a preliminary spec into the next NNN.
