Before we proceed further, let’s work on the architecture first.
Controls. We have main screen “control” (I am NOT talking about the screen that is opened by a button Main, rather 
I am talking about a general concept of the main screen where everything happens), rotations controls, move control, 
etc… Let’s ensure that everything is standardized so that we can easily add / remove large controls to the main screen dynamically.
We need to come up with a short name for these "large controls". Component comes to mind but the meaning is slightly different.

Proxies. F# and our code is heavily using the notion of functional proxies. See, C:\GitHub\Softellect\ and search for `*Proxy`. 
This allows us to unit test all IO without even having any IO implemented by injecting some special mock proxies.

Renderers. Make all individual rendered shapes / codes / etc. control a single line control so that we can put it anywhere. 
Face opacity should affect the table as well. Our code also uses the notion of functional values. As functions cannot be 
serialized, we map the most important functions to DU cases (one DU per similar set of functions). Here we talk about renderer functions. 
This allows passing or even serializing the DU cases, while easily extracting the necessary function when needed.

Finally, let’s update the `Main` screen (the one that is opened by button Main) to use this Lego style constructor as described 
above. First (if not done yet), the buttons `+ Lineal polarizer`, `+ Circular polarizer`, etc. must become a combined control, 
then place all our controls on the screen and wire them all through. Let’s follow MS Word ribbon approach where the top “menu” 
just shows the appropriate “large” control name. The UI tests now cover all the necessary UI table functionality as far as 
placement of the elements is concerned, so make sure that everything is wired through. Since everything is based on “large” 
controls after this is complete, then any change to any control will automatically appear on all affected screens.
