This is a discussion only until we agree.
We need to work out how to “marry” the optical constructor table layout with the Berreman code (BC). The BC works by specifying the light source, 
then placing some sample. It then expect a 1D or 2D variable ranges (anything can be varied) and then produces a collection of one (no thick plate is used) 
or more than one (thick plate is used) R and T EM fields, which can then be fed to some optical functions to produce chart data. 

We need to add two more ribbon controls and some IO proxies (as we do not have anything stored yet) to the Main screen.
One ribbon is to choose the light source / materials, etc. for the elements on the table out of the stored collection of such things 
(come up with a one word name for this ribbon). As we do not have anything stored yet, thit is the point where we wire a test mock proxy, 
which will simply return some collection from memory. Pick up some but not all examples from C:\GitHub\Berreman\Berreman\Analytics\Examples\ . 
We definitely want something very simple, like glass and then going to multilayer thin film examples. Let’s use 3-4 examples, two types of 
detectors (intensity measurement and ellipsometer), one ideal LP, and two ideal CP (left and right)

The second ribbon can be called the Experiments. This is where we specify what we are going to measure. Usually a single element is 
rotated (e.g. an analyzer is rotated full circle) and the detector records the intensity. There might be also more complex detectors, 
like ellipsometer, and so they will record some other information. The experiments also come in groups, e.g. rotate polarizer 
45 degrees / swap LP by CP, then make full circle with the analyzer. Sometimes there could be 2D experiments, but they are rare.

Read the specs as some of these ideas were already discussed: materials, experiments, experiment sets / collections, etc.
Write small preliminary spec / feature list, which covers all of the above into the next NNN in C:\GitHub\Berreman\specs\0027\.manual\ folder. 
Check the web for the standards and ideas. 

Make no other changes.
