Here are the answers.
Q1. Let’s use Library and use the word Materials to describe infinite material, e.g. glass, quartz, etc.. The user chooses an element, 
the system constraints by element kind, the user chooses from the available elements of that kind. We definitely need a separate 
tree-like “search” window. This is especially true for the samples as you might have, e.g. glass => some kind of glass => then 5 real 
samples of the same glass with different thickness. This naturally brings us to the sample editor (we will do this later; the mock is enough for now). 
Basically, then sample must be in the library to be chosen. Additional functionality, like choosing a sample, then modifying it will be also done later. 
We also need to distinguish between the actual materials (e.g. infinite glass, or just glass) and the cut-out plate. Thus the separation 
of the library and the materials.
Q2. There are often non-ideal LPs and CPs or non-ideal D, so all elements should be changeable. We just start from one ideal LP and CPs.
Q3. Let’s start simple and stick with Mueller Matrix (MM) / Stokes Vector (SV) propagation + wavelength. The source defines a wavelength, 
then LP or CP defines the input SV, incidence angle and rotation of the sample + wavelength allows calculation of MM of the sample => SV 
propagates (T, R or both) => analyzer multiplies by its MM, detector then records what it is supposed to record => we get chart(s) + data.
Q4. Let’s start simple: The experiment is a choice of which element’s R1 makes a circle. Model that as a single case DU (for now) so that 
we can easily add other experiments and the compiler will tell us where to fix.
Q5. Detector type fixes what it can measure. 
Q6. The analyzer is LP / CP (or LP + CP / CP + LP) placed after the sample. If the sample support both R and T, then there will be two analyzers.
Q7. Out of scope of the current task. 
Q8. See Q4. We start with 1D experiment, then add another DU cases when needed. Compiles will tell us what to fix.

Write updated version into 024. Do not change any other files.
