I think that it works in principle. The question is if works correctly. I need more functionality to compare what 
FSX produces and what I will see in the optical constructor. Do the following.

The charts that the experiments generate should have axes, labels, and major gridlines. Double click on the chart 
should open a separate chart view window. This window should allow tweaking font sizes, export into PNG and CSV, 
minor and major gridlines, zoom, etc. must be present and under the chart there should be a description of what it 
is about (based on the elements and what we rotate). Mouse movement should have a dot snapped to the chart line moving 
along with the mouse AND showing x and y values. This is fairly standard, so do not guess, just look up and choose 
the most suitable / convenient. We already use some interactive chart engine – so just use it there.

Library. The element should be assigned with the confirmation AND full description of what it is should be visible. 
E.g. `Quarter-wave multilayer` makes no sense unless we know what it is AND we can’t make a decent description out of 
e.g. 100 layer thin film. We do need an element view screen to show detailed information about the element in the library. 
This scree will show what it is along with all the materials and thicknesses if there is more than one layer. The V1 version 
of the app (add a button to the ribbon after Experiments to load it) had some nice multilayer representations. Borrow some 
ideas from there but remember that we are working with reusable “Lego-style” components, whereas V1 was a “soup” of ideas 
just to see what works and how it does it.

Add all useful samples from C:\GitHub\Berreman\Berreman\Analytics\Examples\ except wedges, what’s in Work_01.fsx and 
in case there are repetitions and / or the samples are useless. Look at the legacy Mathematica examples as well: 
C:\GitHub\Berreman\legacy\examples\ to see if any useful samples and materials could be extracted from there.

We need R2 and lambda 1D experiments. That’s the experiments where we vary R2 or wavelength. R2 is limited to 0 – 90 but 
90 cannot be calculated, so we use 89 but draw the chart to 90. Use wavelength range whatever is in the examples 
(I think something around 200 to 800 nm) but let the user change the range as needed.
