Let’s work on the library content. This will be the new tab on the ribbon. Use the name Materials. 
We keep using mocked versions of IO proxies. The library should have the following functionality.
1. Maintain the materials (add / remove / edit / view / search).
2. Maintain the samples (add / remove / edit / view / search).

Some of the samples are multilayer thin films. The UI should make it convenient to create them. 
E.g. if the user needs to create a 2*N interleaved multilayer coating, then the user should NOT 
specify each layer by hand 2*N times. Perhaps select two or more layers and then instruct the UI 
to repeat them some K times (specify that K) will do the trick.

The dispersive materials should allow viewing dispersive information (refraction index and absorption 
coefficient on the same chart page but with two Y axis). This chart should have similar functionality 
that current experiment view chart page has. So, we need to extract common pieces into reusable controls.

The materials may have different complexity (but currently all are homogeneous). The simplest is 
transparent isotropic non-dispersive. This is an idealization but it is convenient in some cases 
or if the wavelength is fixed. To edit more, the user must “unlock” the “features” by checking 
the relevant check box and / or manipulating other controls. Once “unlocked” the user then must 
specify what the complexity requires. Check box anisotropic “unlocks” Uniaxial or Biaxial (the choice of one, 
default uniaxial), absorbing “unlocks” absorption coefficient(s), dispersive unlocks dispersion formulas 
and range of wavelength applicability. There might be multiple ranges as the formulas may change. 
Optically active unlocks gyration tensor editing. Check the web as this is a 3 x 3 matrix but only 
a handful of the elements are non-zero depending on the symmetry group or something like that. 
Magnetic unlocks mu. Check the web for that as well.

We should probably make that as two different windows as some of the functionality is similar while 
some is very different. Current Library ribbon uses locked IO proxies, which store the samples into some 
internal list. Editing the samples should update that list. That will also allow us to write unit test against that.

Look at the Berreman code and see the materials and samples, look up the web for similar functionality, 
look up the web if there are publicly accessible libraries of optical material properties, including 
dispersion information, then come up with the preliminary spec, which covers that functionality.

Write the preliminary spec into C:\GitHub\Berreman\specs\0027\.manual\033-<description>.md. 

Make no other changes.
